just a little bit more for Doug and his
best friend Han na every day was great
moody Barry mr. roat coming hunting
today wouldn't miss it for the world
and every night was a party until the
day everything changed
through the bad lights
the edge of stone is over long lives the
edge of bronze
how are we gonna go Valley back let's
again commit
we challenge the champions a caveman
cavemen
you took our home
if we win you leave my tribe in peace
what an idea
you think you can beat Rael bronzy oh I
can help if we play this game and beat
them at it
we can have our Valley back
what happens if you kick the ball in the
goal
then other men hug and kiss you I'll
give it a go
you're losers caveman always have been
always will be
if we work together we may just stand
the chance we're still a try
no we always hunt rabbits couldn't we
try hunting something bigger